this is organization heaven this is like
my pawn
i love to organize
upcycle declutter i cannot describe the
joy that that brings me
for me personally if i'm sitting at home
thinking i've really got to sort out
that draw
sometimes i can get into the mindset
where i'm just like i'll do it later
i'll do it tomorrow but i really believe
that setting yourself clear deadlines
can help
to sell recycle or donate
inside this cupboard was a sea of shoes
robbers come up with a clever shoe
storage solution in the stairs
my suggestion is to turn these steps
into usable drawers yes that's exactly
right yeah okay
so okay we're on the same wavelength
so before i hover i'm gonna do some
dusting so that all the dust
has fallen down to the floor before we
hoover it all up so what i like to do
is stick a sock on my hand it's so quick
as well you just glide round
there we are whenever i go into a house
i always adjust shelves because what
happens is
people move into their kitchen and they
just put things away
and they nev they forget that their
shelves move for example
this kitchen covered here maybe if that
shelf moved up one more notch you could
fit more oils and vinegars in here
so when you're cooking you can just grab
your oils and your vinegars and you can
cook
and ewing is using a genius technique to
remove the stickers from the kid's
wardrobe
how about that there will be so many
reasons why people can't let go of
things
but if it can be recycled or go to a
better home
letting go can be one of the biggest
most joyous things that you ever do
having an organized kitchen is really
important no one wants to come around
and say oh do you want a cup of tea and
the tea bags fall out the cupboard
i think that a lot of the time people
don't realize that actually if you
organize the things in your house it
ends up saving you money in the long run
especially on perishable items 14 15 16
17 18 19.
20 different types of pasta by being
able to see everything
and knowing what you've got stops you
from buying
unnecessarily the same things again and
again
once you get in the mindset of
decluttering i think one of the biggest
challenges
is knowing where to put everything if
you do decide to let it go
you have to try and find the right
charity shops for the items that you're
giving away
so if it's baby clothes trying to look
for women's refuges
children's charities electrical
equipment there are designated
electrical recycling points all over the
country
and a lot of electrical and phone stores
will also recycle items like plugs and
chargers
watermarks on here so i'm going to go on
it with my favorite
lemon and some salt and what this does
is the
acid in the lemon will cut through any
lime scale and then the salt
makes it nice and abrasive now
this is all nice and shiny i always like
to put things in high order
and your least used glasses on the top
shelf
to your most commonly used glasses on
the bottom the reason we do can
cereals is about knowing what you have
been able to see what you have
and knowing how much you need to then go
and buy any lego fans
this is a game changer organizing your
lego in color
you know normally people have like this
one huge box of chaos
when they know that everything has a
place it's easier to put it back to that
place
what are you doing basically trying to
tilt the shell
always reconfigure your cupboards to
make them work for you
so what's going to stop everything
slipping off the shell so these tension
rods are basically they're just
they're like curtain poles they are
curtain poles essentially
and you just fit them into your space it
just means when you're putting your
tension you can see that whole row now
i love these things and i've put some
curtain clips on it
then it's like a wardrobe of sources you
can easily see
everything that you've got in there i do
this with my packets and
honestly it's changed my life the thing
with the labeling machine is you know
they're quite affordable every family
can have them
and it just means that you can just
create a bit of structure in every
single room
so the best thing about rolling jeans is
it's going to take up so little space in
this drawer
fold them up once and then just roll
them this is the easiest thing to do
i don't know why we're bothering going
home
yeah this is comfy this is nice
you